Contributing guide showcase (#1271)
GUDHI/gudhi-devel: .github/how_to_compile_gudhi_in_a_conda_env.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generating the python documentation only
```

The suggestion feature does not display the original text for some reasons: `### Specific python documentation generation`

Author: I took your proposal on 8cf0680d5

conda install -c conda-forge mamba  # installation with mamba is faster
conda create --name gudhi
conda activate gudhi

> mamba install -c conda-forge python cmake eigen cgal-cpp

Reviewer 2: Isn't mamba more or less deprecated?

> ### Specific python compilation

Author: I took your proposal on 8cf0680d5

And yes there are different ways to compile the python code. One can also:
```bash
cd /workdir/gudhi-devel
pip install -e .
```
But this will come in a future PR.

In order to compile only the python module, it is the same process, but just change to `src/python` directory:
```bash
cd /workdir/gudhi-devel
rm -rf build; mkdir build  # /!\ any existing build folder will be removed
cd build
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=$CONDA_PREFIX ..
cd src/python
make -j 16  # 16 is the number of CPU that are used to compile the python module. Can be any other value.
# to clean the build
# make clean
```

> In order to use freshly compiled gudhi python module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the gudhi python module you just compiled as explained above:
```

Is there also a way to directly install the compiled version into their conda environment with pip? (something like `pip install --no-build-isolation .`, I am not sure how the CMake/toml position plays into this)

cd build
# python OFF to prevent python modules search makes cmake faster
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=$CONDA_PREFIX -DWITH_GUDHI_PYTHON=OFF -DUSER_VERSION_DIR=version ..

> # C++ documentation generation must be performed inside the "user" version of the library

Reviewer: Then should we not add a comment saying that those steps are not obligatory? If I contribute in C++ and want to verify the rendering of the documentation, I would want to know this information. It avoids me to have to copy all modifications into the user version for them to appear when I compile them again. Honestly, changing something in the python documentation is quite annoying because of this. We really have to correct this bug at some point.

And I am also not so sure how clear from this file is, that the first steps should be skipped with the release version.
